[DOCS] Audio Analyzer - toctree review, fixing refs (#1643)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/audio-analyzer/docs/user-guide/index.md

primarily analysed using the spoken word.
- **Use case 4**: Video podcasts or interview recordings where the value is in the conversation,
discussions, or interviews, and visuals are secondary.

> - **Use case 5**: Events like Panel Discussions and Debates, where multiple speakers discuss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use case 5**: Events such as Panel Discussions and Debates, where multiple speakers discuss
```
